
Core Value: Feedback:
====================
- UPDATES:
  The whole idea of this project is to have a cloud based solution.
  This not only helps us in scaling the solution but also minimize the opex and capex.
  If the solution is designed over cloud, we have less dependncy over team resource
  and it will be running autonomically for a longer time.
  
  Keeping this is mind we divided the whole project into components like :
  - server to host the app
  - server to host the back-end REST end-points and services
  - server to have the centralized database and it's replica
  
  After our extensive research we found several options to cloudify these components.
  However, we wanted everything to be free resources so that the project runs indefinitely.
  With that in mind, we decided to use:
  - Heroku for the App deployment, 
  - AWS (free-tier) for the back-end webserver
  - mlab (cloudified mongodb) for our database server.
  
  All these components have a free subscription.
  
  Individually I have deployed the heroku setup for this project. We also wanted to 
  leverage the 'continuous integration' feature provided by heroku. I have connected 
  the github project repository with the heorku project in such a way that,whenever
  there is any change pushed to github, heroku will be notified. Thereafter, heorku 
  will build the new code and deploy it. This will help the developers to develop and test
  simulatenously without any hassle. This will also help the evaluators to find out the latest
  state of the app at any point of time.

  
- EXHIBITION OF THE CORE VALUE:
  With the current REST end-point design, we are deploying both the webserver and database
  inside the same EC2 instance. The team felt that, although this makes sense, it is a better 
  to design to have a clear seperation between the web-sever and database server. This helps in 
  situation like auto-scaling. When the web-server needs to auto-scale, database server does 
  not need to. Scaling database server will lead to fatal replication issue. This peer review
  discussion and feed-back really helped us brain-storm and come up with a mature design.
  We went to multiple AWS deployment websites and understood the real-life deployment scenarios.
  I took the feedback constructively and we decided to seperate out the web-server and the database.
  
  The feedback led me to think more and I researched to find out that we have a clodified mongodb called mlab.
  We dont event need to have a server and maintain mongodb in it. mlab provides a cloud solution
  for this purpose. This brought us to our latest design where EC2 instance is used for the webserver and
  mlab is used for the database server. 
  
  Completing the the project is not the ultimate goal. Learning through the project, cricially thinking and
  coming up with an industry-level solution should be the ultimate goal. In this particular case
  the team think critically and came up with good review comments, which actually led to a much better
  and scalable design.This is a great example of the xp core value 'feedback'
