UPDATES:

In order to capture the score of a game, it is imperative that an identity is 
assigned to the player. This identity will be used to decide various features of the 
game , vis-a-vis to store the score in the database or not etc.

There are two ways of capturing the player scores:
 1) User plays as a guest and the scores are stored in non-persistent browser memory
    till the time the session is on. The moment the session is killed, this 
    data would not exist.
 2) User authenticates itself and logs in. The scores in this case are stored in the database and 
    attached to the user. Irrespective of the session, player can check the historical score whenever
    he wants.
    
For the 2nd option, we have chosen single-sign-on mechanism. User can optiinally create a new login
with this new app. However, he can also use an indentity server like (gmail, facebook etc)
to authenticate them. This eradicates the hassle of creating a new login.

In order to implement the SSO mechanism, I have started exploring and using passport.js.
Passport.js gives teh boilerplate to use various well-known identity verification servers
like gmail, twitter etc.

We decided to start with the passport-facebook strategy followed by passport-google strategy.
For that I have started working on implementing it by referring to
the boilerplate https://github.com/jaredhanson/passport-facebook.

XP Value (Feedback):

Passport.js has dependancies on nodejs express module. Also, in order to use passport we
need to first determine the strategy of our application, which is nothing but the type of 
authentication our app wants to implement.

To decided this all the team members met and brainstormed. Although it is necessary that 
a SSO allows multiple authentication, it is a good approach to start with one strategy
and keep implementing others recursivley. The team provided interesting feedbacks on the strategy
I was adopting. We discussed on popularity of the identity serrver, the target users of our app etc.
Out of this review session we boiled down to the strategy called passport-facebook. So, to start with 
we decided to intergrate with passport-facebook.This will allow the users authenticate with existing facebook 
account instead of creating a new username and password.It was quite an interesting
task so far on the project as we were really thinking like the user not as the developer and provinding
review comments accordingly. In my opinion this is so far the best exhibition of the XP value 'feedback'.
