UPDATES:
=======
This week I have finished the develeopment of the single sign on module. 
It consists if the below features.
 1. The home page of the webapp hast the login button. user may choose to login here and then 
    it goes to step 4
 2. user does not login and selects a multi-player game. user is prompted for a page 
    which says 'login or continue as a guest'.If user chooses the option of login, he is prompted to step 4
 3. Guest login creates a dummy user and uses this login to log in the score temporarily. 
    This score is not persistent.
 4. When user decides to login a page with certain options are rendered. It has a login 
    (with user name and password)text field and a Sign Up(with email, password, confirm password, 
    first name and last name) portion. It also has a 'login with google, login with facebook' option at the 
    lower side of teh page, which invokes single sign-on. This will allow the user avoid creating a 
    new login credential, instead use an existing gmail or facebook credential.
 
To design and implement this whole feature I have used node.js, passport.js, express.js 
and bootstrap.The node module create in last iteration, called gamelogin, is improved.
And more features are integrated to the module. All the different types of login strategies, vis-a-vis local
login, facebook logn and gmail login are enabled through this module. In case local login is used
mongodb is used to store the credentials as well as associated historical score statistics. In case
oother identity verifiers like google ot facebook is used, the user name is stored in the mongo db 
and also the associated historical score statistics. 

XP Value (Feedback):
===================
Last week we have continuously worked together. Since this is teh final weeek of the project, we have decided
to sit together and finish rest of the project. As deadlines were approaching and there are lots 
to integrate, collaborate and test, we met everyday and worked together. The contract that all the 
team member agreed to is everybody will show a working demo at the end of the day and while working
everybody will continuously seek suggestion and feedbacks from the other team-mates. At the end of the day
all the team-mates have got feedbacks about what went well and what went wrong. This viewpoints helped
all the members plan their next day much better. This was week we noticed the highest amount of delivery
just because of this continuous review and feedback model. This made sure that man-hours are not wasted
and all the team members are on the right track. We learned how the mechansim of sitting together 
as a team and working together increases the delivery manifold. Continuous review and feedback is key
to the fast delivery. By adopting this mechanism in thsis week we are able to increase our confidence, 
reduce confusion, increase the deliverables and produce a quality product. According to me this is a 
great exhibition of the XP core value 'feedback'.
