UPDATES:

After 1st sprint's brainstorming and wireframe creations, this week we started getting 
out hands dirty on the real feature implementations. I have picked up the single-sign-on
module which will allow users sign-in with any of their existing login credentials (google,
facebppk, twitter etc.). This will give a user friendly feel to theusers of this game who
does not want to create a seperate login for this app, but then again wants to store their game
scores historically. For the implementation of this features I have divided the user story into
multiple tasks. To start with I am creating a basing authentication module. Thereafter I will 
intergrate it with passport.sj to give the SSO functionality.

Although login in a required to store the scores historically, users might just want to try this
game without login. The are one time users and for them it does not matter about historical scores
etc. To implement that I have also started working in a guest login module, which will allow the users
play the game without authentication.

Along with this we also need to implement session management. I have started reating template functions 
of that.


XP Value (Feedback):

This week we have taken longer features hence we have to raised many peer reviews. However, we have been
meeting at least once per week to discuss the progress and the plan ahead. Also we are discussing
if we have any blocker. This discussion is not only helping us know the status of the project but also
helping us share innovative ideas to solve a certaion problem. Although the tasks are owned by the individual
owners, the whole team brainstorms on that and comes up with a much sophisticated and rigorous solution.

This week I have jus raisedone peer review for the team to review and approve my approach if imeplementin the
single-sign-on. We brainstormed on passport.js and multiple other options. Team gave me the feedback on my ideas
and finally we decided to go ahead with passport.js. This feedback session really helped lots of man-hours
and shows the true spirit of collaboration.
