#Team08
Journal Update from Vimal
This week we officially started with the Group Project related activities. We had two rounds of discussions this week, and selecting the project was the main topic of discussion. We brainstormed lots of ideas from CS Unplugged website. Few ideas were related to Binary Number Conversion, Searching, sorting etc. 
I would really like to stress on ‘See the Whole’ core value which I felt was taken care throughout the project related activities. When we were discussing about the game to select, even if we finalizing on a game, we tried to see the complete picture of the idea. Rather than just concentrating on the idea, we tried to visualize the game as a whole. Discussed about the challenges we will come across, how we can solve that, feasibility of multiplayer option, synchronization issues etc. By doing so we could narrow down most of challenges in the first place itself, which would be very beneficial from the project point of view. The early we know about the possible pitfalls, the more time will get to work on the same and fix the issues. Even from the requirements point of view, the concept of ‘See the Whole’ during the discussion has helped us to collect majority of the requirements during the discussion phase itself.
After finalizing the project idea, we decided on how we would implement the idea as a Learning and Game Interface to the students. Both of these things should be kept in mind while designing the project, as those are the key items that we deliver to our users. This has helped us to have an idea of infrastructure design and Data requirements because of the ‘See the Whole’ approach followed during the discussion phase. The same advantage can be propagated to next stages of development starting from design. By visualizing and discussing about the whole of the project, we could figure out the architectural concerns, design issues, and other technical issues that we may end up in. Because of this core value, we could figure a solution for the synchronization problem that we may face during the implementation. So by virtue of ‘See the Whole’ approach we were able to track down lot of issues and challenges that we might face later during our development cycle. This approach will definitely help us understand and solve the challenge before they happen. This will eventually facilitate a smooth development life cycle. 


Week2
------
Weekly Update:
Core Value: See the Whole.
This week started off with the challenging task of completing the requirement capture. As per me this is one of the toughest phase in the total development cycle. Any change in the requirement will result in lot of re-work. So utmost importance has to be given to make sure that we are covering all aspects of Game that we decided to implement. It doesn’t require a statement to stress the importance of “Seeing the Whole” core value in this context. Whenever we are capturing the requirement for the application we should have a broad view of all the cases and possible implementations. This is where I thought the core value ‘See the Whole’ had a great impact.
Because of this core value we quickly identified that there will be a confusion on how we play the game for people with different intelligence level. Because some people will find the game very interesting while others won’t feel the same if we are providing the same set of challenge to all the people who are accessing the application. So we thought of having different challenge level in the application such that, it will be engaging for all sets of people. We decided to have three levels of difficulty, low, medium and high. Again we thought of how to implement the same in our context. The solution was to provide the number for binary conversion on the basis of number of bits. As the number of bits increase the difficulty level will also concurrently increase. We have also decided to have a hall of fame leaderboard so that the application gives enough credit to people with good ability to do the decimal to binary conversion.
We had a discussion also on the number of other factors which will decided the winner when people are involved in the game – Winner in the case of tie, how the questions are populated, the time bound for the challenge, session implementation etc. This all has helped us to foresee all the challenges way ahead in the development cycle. I would like to attribute this advantage that we gained to the core value – ‘See the whole’. This basically helps us to think out of box and come up with all the possible aspects of the application. 
Before breaking off for the weeks off we agreed upon having a design document in place when we meet up next time. This will help us getting started on the development work without any further delay. In addition to that we have also finalized in using MEAN Stack for the implantation of the application. Vaish has already started his research on UI Frameworks to make the front end more beautiful. So that sums up the weekly update. 

Week 3
--------
Core Value: See the Whole
This week started off with discussions related to the development of the project. Last week we had tremendous progress regarding requirement capture and analysis. So we just moved to the next stage of the development cycle. We talked about all sorts of technological challenges that we may be end while implementing the solution. We wanted the solution to be deployed on cloud, so that the application is highly available and highly scalable. This clearly shows that we having a broad view regarding product development rather that building an application and restricting it to a single server. This is the clear indication of the core value- ‘See the whole’ during our development process.
Vaish has good experience in working with cloud based application and deploying the same to Heroku cloud. This plan was very much convincing to all the teammates as this is a wonderful idea when it comes to scalability and availability. We have also decided to have our server in Javascript – Node JS, and we also came up with the high level count of services. There was some confusion regarding how to handle the session. Since there was two type of user play – One with login and one without login. This was a confusing thing to handle in the code. Team discussed the idea very well, in and out touching upon the pros and cons of each idea. And at last we decided to implement user sessions through login play and insisting user whenever he is playing without login so that, his details are updated in the ‘hall of fame’ section. Then we have also decided on how we will divide the work among our self, Me Neha and Rakesh will be working predominantly on the backend side and Ashna Vaish will be working on the front end stuff. We have also decided to have the DB located on Mongo DB, and cloud being the popular choice we would be implanting the mongo db in cloud as MLab service. So I could see the core value of see the whole throughout our weeks work, because we were quick enough to figure out all the challenges before we actually face it. That’s some thing we have to strive for from a development point of view. The early you know regarding the challenges in the application, the better we get the chance to fix and better cost effective it will be. The early we know about the possible pitfalls, the more time will get to work on the same and fix the issues. Even from the requirements point of view, the concept of ‘See the Whole’ during the discussion has helped us to collect majority of the requirements during the discussion phase itself. We have also decided to complete the project by possibly by next two weeks of development activities. So that was the update from my side for Week 3 Kanban Cycle.

Week 4

Core Value : See the Whole

Week 4
Core Value: See the Whole.
This week we started off with the development of services and front end development. Vaisham and Ashna agreed to work on frontend, Rakesh, Neha and myself decided to work on back end. Vaisham suggested to have the UI design using Google material design for the UI. This is a responsive framework which would suit our application. Material design has lot of adhoc modules which can be used as a plugin module and custom CSS are also available which will make the whole task very easy. So Ashna and Vaish divided the screens among themselves and started working it. After that we had a discussion of the data base that has to be selected for our Application. Msql and MongoDB were the obvious choices which came to our mind. Both has its own pros and cons, MongoDB proved to have a little bit edge over MySQL as far as our application is concerned. Mongo labs is a service from MongoDB which allows us to create databases in cloud. There are different payment options available for Mlabs, and the free tier of 300 MB was more than enough for our application. Later we decided to setup the application in Heroku. The boilerplate application was deployed into cloud by Rakesh and started making sample services to make sure that the API’s are up and running and can be accessed using the public URL. We also setup the collections in Mongo Labs, and the data stored could be accessed using a normal client. We setup all the collections needed as per the database design and started pushing data into the mongoDB. I have also started working on a Helloworld node js service, which pulls data from Mlabs and I am currently working on the CRUD operations for the same. I am also working on the login module which collects the user information and performs authentication. There will be close to 15 services that we have to make for the complete application. We made a list and divided it among ourselves, so that there is no further delay and we can work it ASAP. During the course of the week, we thought of the complete step rather than just the immediate goal. So I thought throughout the course of the project we were focusing on the ‘See the whole’ core value.






