CMPE 202
Journal week 


Core Value: Communication

We are in week 6 of the Team Project and we are following Scrum methodology. As planned we had 2 weekly status meetings as well as another meeting to integrate and test all the new features. The Sprint Planning meeting, the Daily Scrum meeting, Sprint review meeting and the Sprint Retrospective meeting are all mandatory in a Scrum and these meetings help improving effective communication between the team members. Communication between the team members is very important to understand the common goal and meetings help in providing feedbacks and thus helping in continuous improvement of the Product. From the weekly meetings conducted by our team, I have understood that communication is helping us go in the right direction and we will be able to deliver the Project on time.

This week during the first meeting, we discussed about the design patterns which can be used in our project. We are using MEAN stack in our project. So the design pattern implementation in node js is slightly different from the design pattern implementation in other languages like Java. We had a discussion with professor and he approved that we can go ahead and implement the pattern in node js. This week will study the design patterns and the coming week we will discuss which design pattern can be used for which node js API service. We also need to divide in such a way that each person in the team should take a design pattern and implement on his own. Another important topic which came up for discussion this week is the division of the Project deliverable. Each person in the team should own one of the Project deliverable. I am taking the ownership of the deliverable UI Wireframes. Since I am working more on the front end, it will be easier if I take the ownership of UI Wireframes. My team members also agreed upon this.

This week, Me and Vaish have completed the home page, login page, register page and the game level selection page. We have also designed the game page and will be start the coding for the game page next week. Designing the game page was a challenge because the page should have a timer, it should be easy for the user to understand how to proceed and submit the answers. Any web application UI should be designed such that the pages are user friendly. We have also created a template for angular js controller. This week we also tested whether we are able to connect to the backend APIs from the html pages. We will write the angular components of completed paged next week so that we can start integrating the back service. As of now, we are able to follow the project plan and expect to complete the project within time.
