XP - Core Value: Courage

week 7
P - Core Value: Courage

This week we met for integrating things and working on the game. One of the core values of XP is Courage. Every team member has shown extra-ordinary courage while discussing about implementation and their design discussions. This means that they have to stick to their design decisions and at the same time be open to everybody's criticism. Throughout our 7 weeks of project work, everybody maintained their calm and were showing good courage. This week we discussed about how to integrate the models together and integrate the backend. As we are using the angular js framework to user the front end with backend a lot of our work was easier. This week we also planned about the design patterns to be implemented in the backend. As Professor suggested that every memeber of the team must implement a design pattern in the backend.

Implementing a design pattern in functional language like javascript was difficult. Unlike an object oriented programming language like Java, javascript is difficult to use the concepts of inheritance, polymorphism etc. So we all put our minds together and saw some good examples online as to how to implement these. We got some idea as to how to implement and we increased our understanding by doing a brainstorming discussion. This was fruitful in a certain way. We were not completely clear about it, but knew that by starting the coding work using these patterns we will progress a lot and understand how this is working. In the UI me and Ashna disccused about how to use observer pattern for implementing multiple event listeners on different UI components. This can be done easier using an observer pattern. The other patterns that we discussed were Factory Pattern, Proxy Pattern and Decorator pattern. With various modules that needs to be rewritten in order to support the different design patterns, this is going to be an extra work. But we are looking forward to it as it will be an altogether different experience and learning. Of all the design patterns, we need to implement 5 of them in our model as we are 5 in a team. We haven't had the opportunity to decide on what pattern is taken by which person. Probably in the next week, we will decide on that. We are doing good progress in the overall development of the product. We are also confident about executing everything correctly and getting a good finished product out soon that address all the needs for having a good binary learning game.
