Weekly Update:
Core Value: Courage
We started where we left just before the mid-term. The project deployment was setup as auto deployment to Heroku. This means that whenever we made a push the changes are available live. Thus, me and Ashna were able to test immediately on any considerable changes we made. Also, the changes are visible live to all the team members as everybody has access to the URL (public). During this week, we met for 2 hours and discussed the activities for this week. In the meeting, all the UI related stuff were discussed by me and Ashna as were the heads of the UI development in our team. As we have decided on creating the frontend development using the materialize UI framework, we presented our ideas or UI mockups for this week’s work. Everybody in the team saw the basic wireframes and also our ideas about how a certain component will be designed and built. The team was highly appreciating our work at the same time provided us with a lot of feedback about our ideas. These include the reducing the number of clicks, having a better font (visible font in various resolutions), having an intuitive scoreboard, explaining well in the tutorials etc. We did have length discussion about why we chose the UX flow to be this way at the same time took constructive feedback. At the end of the meeting we had refined out project view and also made sure we did agree on all the components without any hustle.
After the meeting, me and Ashna decided to continue our work on front end with Ashna working on UI of difficulty level of pages where the various levels of difficulty present in a game is presented in the form of three columns with individual scoreboard for each difficulty. I worked on the landing page of our website where we show the complete scoreboard for various difficulties level scores. Then we proceeded to work on login and register pages. As we have used materialize framework for UI development login and signup pages were a lot more intuitive compared to bootstrap UI kit. This is a good seller for our game as the UI was very clean and neat. During this week, we also tried improve the designs by visiting various websites of games and understanding how they have designed the screens. We have incorporated some designs into our game. Overall it was a productive week for all of us. Vimal, Neha and Rakesh are working good on backend and they have a good communication flow between them. This was evident from this week’s decision. We all hope for a finished, well tested product ready for the final presentation in due time and hope to win an open source license.

