Journal entry for week 3
Courage: This week was mostly setting up project structures, skeleton code setup. We also planned to use the heroku application and directly linked up our github project with it. This enables us to view continuously built and pushed changes live at https://<appname>.herokuapp.com. Whenever there are breaking changes, the heroku server doesn't push the changes to the server and keeps the old built. Thus any breaking changes doesn't break the prod servers.
A lot of discussion was done and everybody on the team showed lot of courage in selecting the right technologies at all levels. The various levels are UI - where we discussed about the new UI kits that are very responsive, Backend - NodeJS with express JS as the rest framework. This enables us to easy creation of rest apis that can be consumed at on any device. For DB we have decided to go with Mlab as we want auto scale of DB which will be a good way to have no effect on server performance. Also using MongoDB we have faster query execution. The mongodb also returns data in the form of JSON notation. This being the Javascript object notation, it will be easier to work with javascript backed. Ultimately it was decided that me and Ashna will be working on front end while Rakesh, Vimal and Neha will be working on back end. A lot of discussions led to these important decisions. Also, everybody in the team maintained good grounds and had fruitful discussions.
Me and Ashna discussed the frontend screens and styles. A lot of thought process went to reduce the complexity and yet have good number of features. The most important part of our project is our User Experience. This User Experience is very important as our game is targeted in teaching non CS people CS concepts. We wanted every bit of UI work to be relevant to our game scenario and flow. We have added a new feature called ‘play as a guest’. This ‘play as a guest’ is for people not wanting to signup/login and share their email address. This came after a lot of brainstorming over whether we should have login flows in our games or not. After the end of the design of UI flows. We all were very happy about the progress made. Another important design UI flow that we narrowed down to have a terms and conditions page that elaborates all the rules while playing the game. This was followed by a link to our tutorial page. This page is very important for us as we needed a checking page before actually starting the quiz. The login / play as a guest page was clubbed with this page and we have reduced the number of screen before the actual game begins by 1. This number might look very small but it in fact will have a greater impact on our overall UX. During all these design flows, even other members who are working on the backend also did give suggestions to our implementations. The final work is attributed to not just me and Ashna but all of us. This is an exciting progress we made and hope to make continuous progress every week and make this work a huge success.
