#Team08
Had group discussion on Tuesday, 13th September about the github, CFD kanban board and Waffle setup.
Finished the setup the same day.

Had group discussion on Friday, 16th September about CSUnplugged project topic. Finalized a topic and basic idea of the game
made some preliminary waffle cards based on the backlog items identified. 
Made some research regarding topics.

XP core value selected: "Respect"

Respect:

A lot of us where unknown to each other before forming a team. We had good communication along with respect to each other's opinions inorder to build a game.
Members of my team have varying amounts of experience. From 8 years to 18 months. Inspite this everybody in the team where able to express their opinions regarding the project, ideas, features etc.

Not only this, while we were brainstorming in two of our meetings we had sessions where people were refuting against each other regarding various features of the selected game. This helped break the ice of forming a new team and the end outcome was an team wide accepted set of beliefs and decisions. After these two meetings all team members were on the right track and everybody understood the in and outs of all the decisions we have come to in the first week. What I liked most is that, highly experienced members of the team were ready to listen to the other people clearly.

As a team we have discussed about what topic will be highly beneficial to people trying to learn about computer science. Everybody in our team took time to research about the topic and came with different ideas.These ideas had solid research behind them and we had one good hour of discussion without hurting anybody. At the end of the one hour we decided to go with "Binary Numbers" as our team project topic. 

During our next meeting we have discussed about the gameplay, features etc. of the game we were about to design in the due course of 8 weeks. One of us game a rough sketch or idea about how the game would proceed and everybody in the team worked on that foundation providing a lot of improvements/suggestions. At the end of two hours of brainstorming and accepting a lot of ideas from all of them nad treating every suggestion with respect, we ended with a wonderful set of scenarios that helped us fix the outline our gameplay. We are a lot excited about our team and looking forward to working for the next week.
