Journal entry for week 4
Core Value Courage: 
This week was mostly oriented towards pocs, basics setups and other components. Me and Ashna kick started on UI development. One of the most influential designs in UI is material design by google. There a lot of guidelines defined by google on UI elements, kits, colors, icons, responsiveness of the controls etc. There were many third party vendors providing UI kits satisfying or addressing all these guidelines. More or less almost all the components are covered. One of the prominent UI Kits is https://www.materializecss.com. This is an open source tool kit. Another one we also considered was bootstrap paper theme by bootswatch. But due to the high popularity and the high user base we went with materializecss. This materialize CSS also is part of CDN so that we can directly use the clouds URLS  for the webpages and not explicitly saving them to our project folder, thus saving valuable network bandwidth of the deployed server.
All these days in the week we maintained very good rapport with the team and discussed about various UI designs and POCs of the important components in the UI designs. All the time everybody in the team maintained courage and implemented dutifully whatever they were intended to do. Vimal, Neha and Rakesh worked comparative studies of various components of backend. They were discussing the pros and cons of using SQL vs NoSQL database for our project. This week we all used communication channel slack and team meetings to discuss the overall work progress. During all this time everybody maintained courage. Courage is an important part of design discussion. Everybody needs to spread their opinion and only close and length dissertations will help everyone understand the work progress. Our website is hosted at http://binarylearning.herokuapp.com/. This is a heroku deployment. The hall of the fame table along with the website default colors are finalized. we also have lot of components under development stages. All these can be viewed in the coming weeks. we are all excited to be part of this team and working towards creating an impactful game and help people understand the topics easily.
You can view the materialize kit at http://materializecss.com. This is one of the mostly widely used free UI kits for development of rich UI.
